README.md, before:

# Shimura - Big Project TBA

I like writing software that achieves big things simply.

Blog coming soon.

---

Stuff I Done Did
---
- [Zeptext](https://github.com/ShimuraIT/Zeptext) — Lightest textboard ever, made in a couple hours for my blog.
- [Clay_Unicode](https://github.com/ShimuraIT/clay_unicode) — Ad-hoc modification to the [Clay UI Library](https://github.com/nicbarker/clay/) which as the name suggests adds unicode support.

---

About me
---
### Likes:
- C, Objective C
- Unix philosophy
- Doing things "the hard way" (read: "Doing things the manual/understandable/simple way.")
- Effective software
- AI demystifying awful old-world syntax
- P2P

### Dislikes:
- Rust, C++, Whatever new popular language
- Bloated "development frameworks"
- Docker
- Pointless software that doesn't really achieve anything new
- AI written code
- Adding Crypto/Web3/Blockchain to stuff that doesn't need it

### Philosophy:
- "An idiot admires complexity, a genius admires simplicity." [— King Terry A. Davis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0qmkQGqpM8)
- [K.I.S.S.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle?useskin=vector)
- Whatever Ken Thompson and Rob Pike say is true, and if you disagree you simply don't understand yet.

Commit message:

minor expansion
touching on visual design

README.md, after:

# Shimura - Big Project TBA

I like writing software that achieves big things simply.

Blog coming soon.

---

Stuff I Done Did
---
- [Zeptext](https://github.com/ShimuraIT/Zeptext) — Lightest textboard ever, made in a couple hours for my blog.
- [Clay_Unicode](https://github.com/ShimuraIT/clay_unicode) — Ad-hoc modification to the [Clay UI Library](https://github.com/nicbarker/clay/) which as the name suggests adds unicode support.

---

About me
---
### Likes:
- C, Objective C
- Unix philosophy
- Doing things "the hard way" (read: "Doing things the manual/understandable/simple way.")
- Effective software
- AI demystifying awful old-world syntax
- P2P
- Desktop applications and websites made for desktop
- Wide web design

### Dislikes:
- Rust, C++, Whatever new popular language
- Bloated "development frameworks"
- Docker
- Pointless software that doesn't really achieve anything new
- AI written code
- Adding Crypto/Web3/Blockchain to stuff that doesn't need it
- Smartphonification of UI
- Thin websites with **giant** unused margins

### Philosophy:
- "An idiot admires complexity, a genius admires simplicity." [— King Terry A. Davis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0qmkQGqpM8)
- [K.I.S.S. — Keep it simple, stupid](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle?useskin=vector)
- Whatever Ken Thompson and Rob Pike say is true, and if you disagree you simply don't understand yet.
